This directory contains various forms of documentation for the
Optimizing SISAL Compiler (OSC).  The man pages are in ../Tools.

fibreref.ps: A postscript copy of version 1.1 of ``Fibre, the Native
I/O System for Sisal'' by Frederick Koehl.  This describes the
(primitive) input-output system native to SISAL.

oscmanual.ps: A postscript copy of ``The Optimizing SISAL Compiler,
Version 12.0'' by David Cann.  This is the manual for the OSC
compiler.  Come here and to the man page to learn the compiler's ins
and outs.  The current OSC version is 13.0.3, but little or nothing
visible to the user has changed since version 12.0.

retire.ps: A postscript copy of ``Retire Fortran?  A Debate Rekindled''
by David Cann.  This contains interesting performance information on
Sisal vs. Fortran.

sisalintro.ps: A postscript version of ``SISAL 1.2: A Brief
Introduction and Tutorial'' by David Cann.  This is the place to
go to learn how to use the language.

sisalref.ps: A postscript version of the ``Sisal Reference Manual'' by
James McGraw et al.  This is the ultimate reference on the Sisal 1.2
language and was provided by David Kaplan at the Naval Research Labs
from original sources.  (kaplan@ait.nrl.navy.mil).  He expressed a
desire to hear about errors discovered in the manual so that he can
fix them.  Certain things such as the VAX-based pragmas in the
appendices are out of date.

sisalref.pdf: A PDF version of the above manual.

tutorial/Tutorial.html: The entry point to the ``SISAL Tutorial'' by
John Feo and Tom DeBoni.  Some of the links in this web document may
be out of date.  In particular, the Sisal project no longer exists at
LLNL.  You may or may not be able to download the OSC code from LLNL,
but if you have the full current distribution, there is no need to do
so!  The document is still quite useful.

D. J. Raymond
